# Case_Study
>Deciding what industry and company in particular to research for this assignment, my initial thought was to stay in my “wheelhouse” and write about Artificial Intelligence and its effect on Communications and Transportation. After some thought, I decided that I want to know how AI is changing the landscape (literally and figuratively) in agriculture.
	>The majority of our food is produced on a farm. More often than not, that farm is an industrial farm, meaning it is owned by a corporation or conglomerate and products are planted and harvested to maximize profitability. One company in particular has an interest in a multitude of farm products. Cargill is a multinational conglomerate that provides resources and products that include fruits, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, sugar substitutes, and edible oils to name a few. 
	>Cargill is a 159-year-old Minnesota based company that has a presence in 70 countries. It supports 125 markets in the agricultural industry. Over the years the company has maximized a variety of disciplines within the Artificial Intelligence platform.
	>Neural Network is an AI discipline that replicates the functionality of the neurological processes of the human brain. Cargill has utilized this branch using satellites to map out and plan farmland. By using satellite imagery, the company can decide what, where, when, and how to grow a particular crop. Neural Networks will maintain and enhance the data sets that are produced by the data. This allows the company to maximize farm acreage, growing seasons, and of course profits. Cargill’s investment in AI has allowed them to develop their own proprietary AI innovation named birdoo. Birdoo allows the company to manage their flock, and the associated activities related to supporting their poultry operations.
	>The Neural Network branch of AI consists of seven components. Those components are Neurons, Layers, Connections, Activation Function, Feedforward Propagation, Backpropagation, and Training. These various components create an environment that allows programming to mimic the neurological function of the human brain. This rationalization can go on infinitely. As these neural networks learn complex patterns and data relationships it allows the user to continuously improve the efficiency of what the program is analyzing.
